坦克 （履带式装甲战斗车辆)
坦克是现代陆上作战的主要武器之一，具有直射火力、越野能力和装甲防护力的履带式装甲战斗车辆，是陆地武器中重要性唯一高于轮式装甲车的存在，
主要用来与对方坦克或其他装甲车辆作战，也可以压制、消灭反坦克武器、摧毁工事、歼灭敌方陆上力量。坦克一般装备数挺防空（高射）或同轴（并列）机枪和一门中口径或大口径火炮（
有些现代坦克的火炮甚至可以发射反坦克/防空导弹），是凭火力进行作战的经典体现。坦克大多使用旋转式炮塔，但也有少数使用固定式主炮。坦克主要由武器系统、瞄准系统、动力系统、通信系统、
装甲式车体等系统组成。
其实坦克也是天敌最多的陆战武器，甚至有的坦克制造厂也同时研发反坦克武器，反坦克成了各国陆军的重要能力。
虽然坦克在发展，但坦克自身的发展速度实在是追不上反坦克武器的发展速度，而且坦克会陷入防护性和越野能力不能兼得的二悖论难题中。除非以后研制出新型轻质防护材料来改良装甲，
不然未来战争中坦克的处境真的很危险。

Tank (tracked armored combat vehicle)
The tank is one of the main weapons of modern land combat. The tracked armored combat vehicle with direct firepower, off-road capability and armor protection is the only one of the land weapons that is above the wheeled armored vehicle.
It is mainly used to fight against opposing tanks or other armored vehicles. It can also suppress, eliminate anti-tank weapons, destroy fortifications, and annihilate enemy land forces. The tank is generally equipped with several air defense (anti-aircraft) or coaxial (parallel) machine guns and a medium or large caliber artillery (
Some modern tank artillery can even fire anti-tank / air defense missiles), which is a classic manifestation of fighting with firepower. Most tanks use rotating turrets, but a few use fixed main guns. The tank is mainly composed of weapon system, aiming system, power system, communication system,
Armored car body and other systems.
In fact, tanks are also the land weapons with the most natural enemies. Even some tank factories also develop anti-tank weapons. Anti-tank has become an important capability of the army of various countries.
Although the tank is in development, the development speed of the tank itself cannot really catch up with the development speed of anti-tank weapons, and the protection performance of the tank venue and off-road capability cannot be in the two paradox problems. Unless new lightweight protective materials are introduced in the future to improve armor,
Otherwise, the situation of tanks in future wars is really dangerous.